README.md, before:


# TTA-C-Sharp
**Basic C# Projects from The Tech Academy**

### DailyReport
This one's a super simple console application that just asks the user questions and does some super basic variable storage. No Try/Catch method in it yet.

### Math_and_Comparison
Another super simple console app. Takes hourly rate and weeks worked, uses an extra method and calls it... nothing fancy here but just more practice.

### Boolean_Logic
Console app that takes some answers in, applies some boolean logic, gives various responses based on the supplied answers.

###	Branching_Assignment
Console app that takes in some user input, manipulates it, but branches based on logic.

### Boolean_Do_While
Another console app that takes a user input, passes it through some regex and a boolean loop and then determines whether or not we're good to go.

### ArraysAndLists
Quick project to show utilization and index search for arrays and lists.

### Iterations
Practice on iterating through objects.

### Blackjack
A project to play Blackjack in C#! All the C# fundamentals I've learned are in this project, and I even converted it to a library to learn how that works along with building in new references for my projects.  

### Method_Calls
A quick bit of practice for instantiating objects from classes and calling any methods attributed with them.

### Methods_And_Classes
Practicing with class inheritance, super class methods and how things pass around.

### Class_Practice 
Tested out some various class instantiations. Used a static class and understood how those relate to things like the Math class in C#. No object-instantiation method-access.

### Exceptions
Work with Try/Catch. Learned how to grab exceptions and display custom messages for those or log them to a console (or db in the future.) 

### Abstract_Class_Practice
Worked with Abstract classes that created abstract methods. Learned about the inability to instantiate objects of those abstract methods but classes that inherited from it could be instantiated as long as the abstract method is defined. 
This lesson also covered Interfaces and how you implement those since there's a restriction to only inherit from one class at a time. This way allows us to create additional data contracts without having to repeat ourselves.

###	Enum_Practice
Practice with enumerations! Grabbing string values and attempting to parse them as enumerable data types to verify the entry works correctly.

###	EmployeeLambda
Practice with Lamda functions and lists.

###	DateTime_Practice
Practice with the DateTime struct.

Commit message:

Created Car Insurance .NET MVC application

README.md, after:


# TTA-C-Sharp
**Basic C# Projects from The Tech Academy**

###	CarInsurance
This is a .NET MVC application that takes user input, generates a quote, saves it all to a database and then allows for CRUD operations on that entity. There's an admin view as well with a controller set up for it to display those items.

### DailyReport
This one's a super simple console application that just asks the user questions and does some super basic variable storage. No Try/Catch method in it yet.

### Math_and_Comparison
Another super simple console app. Takes hourly rate and weeks worked, uses an extra method and calls it... nothing fancy here but just more practice.

### Boolean_Logic
Console app that takes some answers in, applies some boolean logic, gives various responses based on the supplied answers.

###	Branching_Assignment
Console app that takes in some user input, manipulates it, but branches based on logic.

### Boolean_Do_While
Another console app that takes a user input, passes it through some regex and a boolean loop and then determines whether or not we're good to go.

### ArraysAndLists
Quick project to show utilization and index search for arrays and lists.

### Iterations
Practice on iterating through objects.

### Blackjack
A project to play Blackjack in C#! All the C# fundamentals I've learned are in this project, and I even converted it to a library to learn how that works along with building in new references for my projects.  

### Method_Calls
A quick bit of practice for instantiating objects from classes and calling any methods attributed with them.

### Methods_And_Classes
Practicing with class inheritance, super class methods and how things pass around.

### Class_Practice 
Tested out some various class instantiations. Used a static class and understood how those relate to things like the Math class in C#. No object-instantiation method-access.

### Exceptions
Work with Try/Catch. Learned how to grab exceptions and display custom messages for those or log them to a console (or db in the future.) 

### Abstract_Class_Practice
Worked with Abstract classes that created abstract methods. Learned about the inability to instantiate objects of those abstract methods but classes that inherited from it could be instantiated as long as the abstract method is defined. 
This lesson also covered Interfaces and how you implement those since there's a restriction to only inherit from one class at a time. This way allows us to create additional data contracts without having to repeat ourselves.

###	Enum_Practice
Practice with enumerations! Grabbing string values and attempting to parse them as enumerable data types to verify the entry works correctly.

###	EmployeeLambda
Practice with Lamda functions and lists.

###	DateTime_Practice
Practice with the DateTime struct.
